So let's use Musk with Musk to optimize this code and.
Right, so I don't need a certain rate.
So let me remove this part that I don't need a suit.
I'd simply say that Hamiltonian part already goes to the be a comma zero, not zero.
So what I'll do is I just simply simply say one left shift, right?
So if I use zero, that means one bit over two certifies one.
That means it has two.
Otherwise it is for, otherwise it is it.
So basically there's a bit basically there's an integer which every bit of that integer is representing
a vertex here.
Right.
And now let's come up.
Okay, so let's see in the base case.
So what will be the base case?
The base case will be now very simple.
Okay.
Before that, let me remove this and let's call it Musk.
Great.
So if Musk is equal to do this to the power and minus one, correct to this one, minus one will have
all this bit set.
If all the bits are set, that means now my musk contains all the vertex.
That means I was able to visit all the words.
Right?
So if that said, I learned true.
So this is a new base case and memorization.
I'll come to memorization later.
Or or we can come to memorization right now.
So let's keep a memo end.
And this will be nothing but one lecture then.
Because this mosque can take the values from 0 to 2 days to the power and minus one.
And it can take any of those values because any of those said can be possible.
So I have to take and Goma one wanted to do a power to this just power in which is one letter of ten.
But I hope this makes sense.
So what I will simply say I simply say if memo current and if whatever the masculine is, if it is not
equal to minus one, I simply.
Return it.
So I hope it's making some sense that we are just this is nothing out of it and there's nothing different.
Basically, it's just that if whenever we are keeping a cent instead of a third, we just keep a mask
because a mask isn't in it and every bit of that integer can represent a verdict and tell me things
about it, whether it is visited or not and other things.
Hmm.
So now I want to.
Okay.
So this check was very simple that if X is not in the set, then visited.
Right.
So how can I check whether X is in mask or not?
Then that simply means whether.
Xt bit of musk is said or not.
So how can I take that?
Weather expert of Musk said.
I literally microchipped an X and one.
This will tell me whether the bid offered is set or not.
So what I want is I want it to be not set.
Right.
So I'll just take a note here, because if it is not there, it means that X was not in the set and
I can go and visit it.
I can try that.
But so.
Let me remove it.
And now what will happen if that bill was not said?
And I'm going on to the note, which is I want to include it in domestic.
How can I include it in domestic?
I simply say mosque or one letter page.
That means I'm setting that building the mosque.
Okay, now I'm visiting it, Margaret said.
That means now it is in the graph.
And finally, this will be the memo current.
Musk.
Let me bring you in and check if there's something wrong and there's nothing wrong.
But there's one thing wrong that this memo will not work because I know zero and I have a I have a tech
one minus one eight.
So let me memorize it.
Memo, Memo said.
Memo Maintenance Funds ISO.
Memo.
Right.
Good.
Now, as you can see that we have designs of one and this is a normal DP plasmid mask.
DP with bit masking, right?
So I hope you understood it.
And it's a very easy thing.
It just that just you just need to understand one thing that.
If I have a number, if I have an integer X, I write it as binary.
That binary will tell me which particular way to set or not and decide which are like visited and not
separate and not visited.
So basically it is a bit mask.
It is masking things inside it.
Right.
So every integer contains a set and what is said is nothing but the indexes of those bits which asset
write.
So yeah, that's it.
And this is a top down approach.
In the next we do, I again, I try to make a bottom up approach also just to make things more clear.
Right.
And then we will move on to different debate.
But my solutions always remember these problems.
This debate mask is generally required where they then factorial brute force solution taking place.
The factories are a unique place there.
We can optimize it by a bit much.
So what is the complexity of this?
We know the complexity of any solution is nothing but the number of states and the work that's going
inside.
Let's assume that my work is very small or essentially it's just not big.
Let's assume it's late so we can easily see that the yeah, this the number of state is nothing but
anything due to this to the power and rates of it.
So in short, this is a and to do this is the power in solution.
Otherwise the brute force would be an end factorial solution.
And we know that n factorial for bigger number is very, very, very greater than do this to the power
and VI because into this the power and we are always multiplying it by two.
Right.
But in in fact when in fact what happens one in two to find in the three find but 9 to 4 in to five
and to six and to seven.
So you can see we are always multiplying of the numbers greater than two, but here we're always multiplying
it with two.
So and factorial is very huge, very big.
Then to reach the power in 20 factorial will be a very big value.
But to do this to the power 20 will be approximately ten is the about six, only eight.
So that's why this distributed bit mask is very important.
It converts and factorial type solutions and to do this to the power and solutions, right?
So we'll see in the next part, everything.